Feat/add claude code skill for code migration (#1309)
camunda/camunda-7-to-8-data-migrator: agentic-migration-skills/skills/migrate-c7-to-c8/SKILL.md

- Key changes: starting instances, correlating messages, broadcasting signals, cancelling instances, user task completion, variable handling
- Reference: "Client code → ProcessEngine" patterns

**Phase 3: JavaDelegate → Job Worker**
- Remove `implements JavaDelegate`
- Convert `execute(DelegateExecution execution)` to `@JobWorker`-annotated method
- Update variable access: `execution.getVariable()` → method parameters or `@Variable` annotations
- Map BPMN errors: `BpmnError` → `CamundaError.bpmnError(...)`
- Remove all `TypedValue` API usage
- Reference: "Glue code → JavaDelegate → Job Worker" patterns

**Phase 4: External task workers**
- Replace `@ExternalTaskSubscription` with `@JobWorker`
- Update variable access and failure/incident handling
- Reference: "Glue code → External Task Worker" patterns

**Phase 5: Test code**
- Replace `@Rule` Camunda test rules with `@CamundaSpringProcessTest`
- Update process instance startup patterns
- Replace assertion methods: e.g. `isWaitingAt("id")` → `hasActiveElements("id")`
- Update message correlation, timer handling, user task completion in tests
- Reference: "Test assertions" patterns

---

### Approach C — Assessment only

> Present the assessment table from Step 3 with additional detail:

Author: fixed in a later commit

---
name: migrate-c7-to-c8

> description: Migrate a Camunda 7 Java codebase to Camunda 8 using AI, OpenRewrite, or both

Reviewer: From the [agentskills docs](https://agentskills.io/skill-creation/optimizing-descriptions#optimizing-skill-descriptions): 

> A skill only helps if it gets activated. The description field in your SKILL.md frontmatter is the primary mechanism agents use to decide whether to load a skill for a given task. An under-specified description means the skill won’t trigger when it should; an over-broad description means it triggers when it shouldn’t.

Given that this file intended for the AI agent to read specifing using AI as an option is not meaningfull `using AI, OpenRewrite, or both`

```suggestion
description: Use this when migrating or converting a Camunda 7 / camunda-bpm Java/Spring codebase to Camunda 8 — including JavaDelegates, ExternalTaskWorkers, ProcessEngine/RuntimeService client code, and application.properties/application.yaml with camunda.* keys.
```

Author: done, thanks for the recommendation

- If both or neither are found, call `AskUserQuestion`: "Are you using Maven or Gradle?"

Do not proceed until you have the answer.

---

## Step 2: Assessment (always runs, regardless of approach)

Scan the codebase at the provided path. Identify and classify all Camunda 7 related files:

| File | Type | Complexity | Notes |
|------|------|------------|-------|
| ... | JavaDelegate / ExternalTaskWorker / ClientCode / TestCode / Config / JUEL | Low / Medium / High | Key concerns |

**Detection hints:**
- `implements JavaDelegate` → JavaDelegate
- `@ExternalTaskSubscription` or `ExternalTaskHandler` → External task worker
- `ProcessEngine`, `RuntimeService`, `TaskService` autowired → Client code
- `@Test` + Camunda 7 test rules → Test code
- `application.properties` / `application.yaml` with `camunda.*` keys → Config
- `.bpmn` files with `camunda:` namespace attributes → BPMN (flag only — convert using the online tool, see below)

After the table, present:
- Total files to migrate
- Overall complexity estimate
- Whether OpenRewrite would help (JavaDelegates or ExternalTaskWorkers present?)
- Any blockers requiring manual decision before starting

> Wait for user confirmation before proceeding.

Reviewer: 💭 Worth being explicit about how to confirm: 
```suggestion
Use AskUserQuestion to wait for user confirmation before proceeding.
```

Author: implemented, thanks
